### Collision For Polygons
The collision logic works like this.
Every polygon is a closed continuous loop. Every point on the polygon gets an angle assigned or evaluated that is oriented toward the next point in the polygon. In this way, the points on the polygon represent the walls of the polygon. To check for collision, we check every point in a polygon against every point in another polygon for an intersection of walls. As soon as we detect that 2 polygons have a intersection of 2 (1 from each polygon) or more walls, we say that collision is true.

To detect an intersection of 2 walls we take a starting point, ending point, and the angle from the first polygon (we will call it lineA). We check it against a starting point, ending point, and angle on the second polygon (we will call this lineB). If the start of lineB is to the right (or straight) of the angle of lineA and the end of lineB is to the left (or straight) of the angle of lineA, then we know the lines would cross if lineA were infinite. We then check if the angle of lineB goes through lineA. If the angle of lineB is between angles from the start point of lineB to the start and end of lineA, we have proven the second part. Since we know lineB starts and ends on opposites sides of lineA, and we know that the angle of lineB points through lineA, that shows that there is an intersection.

This collision detection method should be pretty quick. If we let it be a little bit slower, we can (1) find all the walls that intersect (2) check those walls for individual intersection points (3) use those intersection points to design "spinning around a center of mass" and friction into our collision. This should still be pretty quick and it should (in theory) be faster than most collision logic that gives this many features. Once we can spin around a center of mass with collision and slide with friction, we can code in some gravity and have squares spinning and falling down a hill with some realism.
